docs: Pipelinerun update (#47)
intel-retail/automated-self-checkout: docs_src/pipelinerun.md

# Pipeline Run

## Prerequisites: 
Pipeline setup needs to be done first following the documentation found [HERE](./pipelinesetup.md).

---
## Introduction to Pipeline run flow and expectation

> The pipeline run is meant to bring the service up and perform inferencing on the selected input media. The output of the pipeline run provides the inference results for each frame regarding the media source such as text, barcode, etc; as well as the FPS (frames per second). Pipeline run provides many options in media type, system process platform type, and additional optional parameters. These options give you the oppotunity to compare what system process platform is better for your need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pipeline run starts the service and perform inferencing on the selected input media. The output of the pipeline run provides the inference results for each frame regarding the media source such as text, barcode, etc; as well as the FPS (frames per second). Pipeline run provides many options in media type, system process platform type, and additional optional parameters. These options give you the opportunity to compare what system process platform is better for your need.
```

### Run options

> 1. Media type input choice:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Media type input choice for pipeline run with:
```

>     - pipeline run with camera simulator using rtsf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - camera simulator using rtsf
```

>     - pipeline run with realsense camera

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - realsense camera
```

>     - pipeline run with USB camera

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - USB camera
```

>     - pipeline run with a video file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - video file
```

2. Process platform type input choice:
    - core
    - dgpu.0
    - dgpu.1
    - xeon
3. More optional parameters, see [Optional parameters](#optional-parameters) section for detail.

You have to get your choices for #1, #2, #3 above to start the pipeline run, see [details](#run-pipeline-with-different-input-sourceinputsrc-types) section below.

### Check successful pipeline run

> Once pipeline run has started, you will expect containers to be running, see [check for pipeline run success](#check-for-pipeline-run-success); For a successful run, you should expect results/ directory filled with log files and you can watching these log files grow, see [sample output log files](#sample-output).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once pipeline run has started, you will expect containers to be running, see [check for pipeline run success](#check-for-pipeline-run-success); For a successful run, you should expect results/ directory with log files and you can watch these log files grow, see [sample output log files](#sample-output).
```

### Stop pipeline run
You can call ./stop_all_docker_containers.sh to stop the pipeline and all running containers, hence the results directory log files will stop growing.

---
## Run camera simulator
Before running the below (e.g. starting the camera-simulator.sh) ensure you have downloaded video file(s) to the `sample-media` directory. Execute the commands 
```bash
cd benchmark-scripts; sudo ./download_sample_videos.sh; cd ..;
``` 
These commands are provided as an option to download a sample video(s) and RTSP stream with the camera-simulator.  You can also specify the desired resolution and framerate e.g.
```bash
cd benchmark-scripts; sudo ./download_sample_videos.sh 1920 1080 15; cd ..;
```
for 1080p@15fps. Note that only AVC encoded files are supported.

Once video files are copied/downloaded to the sample-media folder, start the camera simulator with:
```bash
./camera-simulator/camera-simulator.sh
``` 

> !!!Note Please wait for few seconds, then to use below command to check if camera-simulator containers are running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!!Note Please wait for few seconds, then use below command to check if camera-simulator containers are running.
```

# Pipeline Run

## Prerequisites: 

> Pipeline setup needs to be done first, pipeline setup documentation be found [HERE](./pipelinesetup.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pipeline setup needs to be done first following the documentation found [HERE](./pipelinesetup.md).
```

---
## Introduction to Pipeline run flow and expectation

> The pipeline run is meant to bring the service up and perform inferencing on the selected input media. The output of the pipeline run provides the inference results for each frame regarding the media source such as text, barcode, etc; as well as the FPS (frames per second). Pipeline run provides many options in media type, system process platform type, and additional optional parameters. These options give you the oppotunity to compare what system process platform is better for your need. There are few choices you have to make as inputs to the pipeline run script:

Reviewer 2: maybe it would be better to put the next numbering (media choice, input choice...) under a sub header

```suggestion
The pipeline run is meant to bring the service up and perform inferencing on the selected input media. The output of the pipeline run provides the inference results for each frame regarding the media source such as text, barcode, etc; as well as the FPS (frames per second). Pipeline run provides many options in media type, system process platform type, and additional optional parameters. These options give you the oppotunity to compare what system process platform is better for your need. 

### Run Options
```

1. Pipeline can be run using different media type as input choice:
    - pipeline run with camera simulator using rtsf
    - pipeline run with realsense camera
    - pipeline run with USB camera
    - pipeline run with a video file
2. Pipeline can be run using different platform type as input choice:
    - core
    - gpu.0
    - gpu.1
    - xeon
3. Pipeline can be run with more optional parameters, see [Optional parameters](#optional-parameters) section for detail.

> 

Reviewer 2: maybe another sub header (or bolded text here) to say `Pipeline Process` or something like that.

## Prerequisites: 

> Pipeline setup needs to be done first, pipeline setup documentation be found [HERE](./pipelinesetup.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pipeline setup needs to be done first, pipeline setup documentation be found [HERE](./pipelinesetup.md).
```

---
## Introduction to Pipeline run flow and expectation
1. Pipeline can be using differnt media type as input choice:
    - pipeline run with camera simulator using rtsf
    - pipeline run with realsense camera
    - pipeline run with USB camera
    - pipeline run with a video file

> 2. Pipeline can be using different platform type as input choice:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Pipeline can be run using different platform type as input choice:
```

    - core
    - gpu.0
    - gpu.1
    - xeon
3. Pipeline can be run with more optional parameters, see [Optional parameters](#optional-parameters) section for detail.

You have to get your choices for #1, #2, #3 above as your inputs to the docker-run.sh script to start the pipeline run, see [details](#run-pipeline-with-different-input-sourceinputsrc-types) section below.

Once pipeline run has started, you will expect containers to be running, see [check for pipeline run success](#check-for-pipeline-run-success); For a successful run, you should expect results/ directory filled with log files and you can watching these log files grow, see [sample output log files](#sample-output).

You can call ./stop_all_docker_containers.sh to stop the pipeline and all running containers, hence the results directory log files will stop growing.

---
## Run camera simulator
Before running the below (e.g. starting the camera-simulator.sh) ensure you have downloaded video file(s) to the `sample-media` directory. Execute the commands 
```bash
cd benchmark-scripts; sudo ./download_sample_videos.sh; cd ..;
``` 

> These commands are provided as an option to download a sample video(s) and RTSP stream with the camera-simulator.  You can also specify the desired resolution and framerate needed e.g. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These commands are provided as an option to download a sample video(s) and RTSP stream with the camera-simulator.  You can also specify the desired resolution and framerate e.g. 
```

```bash
cd benchmark-scripts; sudo ./download_sample_videos.sh 1920 1080 15; cd ..;
```
for 1080p@15fps. Note that only AVC encoded files are supported.

Once video files are copied/downloaded to the sample-media folder, start the camera simulator with:
```bash
./camera-simulator/camera-simulator.sh
``` 

> !!! Please wait for few seconds, then to use below command to check if camera-simulator containers are running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!!!Note Please wait for few seconds, then to use below command to check if camera-simulator containers are running.
```

```bash
docker ps --format 'table{{.Image}}\t{{.Status}}\t{{.Names}}'
```

!!! success
    Your output is as follows:

| IMAGE                                              | STATUS                   | NAMES             |
| -------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ |-------------------|
| openvino/ubuntu20_data_runtime:2021.4.2            | Up 11 seconds            | simulator_docker  |
| aler9/rtsp-simple-server                           | Up 13 seconds            | camera-simulator  |

> Note: there could be multiple containers with IMAGE "openvino/ubuntu20_data_runtime:2021.4.2", depending on number of sample-media video file you have.

Reviewer 2: be sure note format matches
```suggestion
!!!Note there could be multiple containers with IMAGE "openvino/ubuntu20_data_runtime:2021.4.2", depending on number of sample-media video file you have.
```

!!! failure

>     If you do not see all of the above docker containers, look through the consol output for errors. Sometimes dependencies fail to resolve and must be run again. Address obvious issues. To try again, repeat [Run camera simulator](#run-camera-simulator).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you do not see all of the above docker containers, look through the console output for errors. Sometimes dependencies fail to resolve and must be run again. Address obvious issues. To try again, repeat [Run camera simulator](#run-camera-simulator).
```

### `--color-height`
Realsense camera color related property, to apply realsense camera color height, which will overwrite the default value of realsense gstreamer; if it's not provided, it will use the default value from realsense gstreamer; make sure to look up to your realsense camera's color capability using `rs-enumerate-devices`

### `--color-framerate`
Realsense camera color related property, to apply realsense camera color framerate, which will overwrite the default value of realsense gstreamer; if it's not provided, it will use the default value from realsense gstreamer; make sure to look up to your realsense camera's color capability using `rs-enumerate-devices`

---
## RealSense pipeline run with optional parameters script example:
```bash
sudo ./docker-run.sh --platform core --inputsrc <serial_number> --realsense_enabled --color-width 1920 --color-height 1080 --color-framerate 15 --ocr 5 CPU
```
---
## Check for pipeline run success 

Make sure the command was successful. To do so, run:

```bash
docker ps --format 'table{{.Image}}\t{{.Status}}\t{{.Names}}'
```

!!! Successful Results

> Your output for Core is as follows:

Reviewer 2: can these two tables be combined? something like:

Your output for each type should be as follows
| Platform Type | IMAGE | STATUS | NAMES |

Author: this was meant for `docker ps` output as how it is shown in terminal return, I think if I add the `platform type` in the table may confuse user.

...
```

### results/pipeline0.log sample:

> The output in results/pipeline0.log file is listing FPS (frames per second) during pipeline run. See below as a snap shot of the output, this list will keep on growing as the pipeline is still running, you may call ./stop_all_docker_containers.sh to stop the pipeline and all running containers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The output in the results/pipeline0.log file lists FPS (frames per second) during pipeline run. Below is a sample snapshot of the log file,
```

Reviewer 2: you have the same  text about the file growing and to stop all the containers down below.

28.48
...
```

> This pipeline will keep on running and output in results directory pipeline0.log and r0.jsonl will keep on growing until you stop the containers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This pipeline will keep on running and output results in results/pipeline0.log and results/r0.json1. These files will keep on growing until you stop the containers by calling `./stop_all_docker_containers.sh`.
```

> you can call ./stop_all_docker_containers.sh to stop all running containers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
